✨ Adding `generateCacheKey` to `ApolloServerPluginResponseCache` to allow for custom cache keys (#6655)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/performance/caching.md

| `extraCacheKeyData` | This function's return value (any JSON-stringifiable object) is added to the key for the cached response. For example, if your API includes translatable text, this function can return a string derived from `requestContext.request.http.headers.get('Accept-Language')`. |
| `shouldReadFromCache` | If this function returns `false`, Apollo Server _skips_ the cache for the incoming operation, even if a valid response is available. |
| `shouldWriteToCache` | If this function returns `false`, Apollo Server doesn't cache its response for the incoming operation, even if the response's `maxAge` is greater than `0`. |

> | `generateCacheKey` | This function's return is used as the key for the cache. If it is not overrode a sha256 hash is used |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `generateCacheKey` | Customize generation of the cache key. By default, this is the SHA256 hash of the JSON encoding of an object containing relevant data. |
```

something like this? (I don't think "overrode" is a word, and your version was missing the trailing period.)
